Don't fail when no vulnerabilities were detected (#187)
rm-hull/nvd-clojure: README.md

* `:nvd-api` - map of:
  * :key - **MANDATORY** (unless you set an `NVD_API_TOKEN` environment variable) - must contain an API key that you can obtain in https://nvd.nist.gov/developers/request-an-api-key
  * other keys: `:endpoint`, `:delay`, `:max-retry-count`, `:valid-for-hours`, `:datafeed` - advanced, please refer to the source code.
* `:fail-threshold` default value `0`; checks the highest CVSS score across all dependencies, and fails if this threshold is breached (i.e. the highest score is greater than the threshold).
  - As CVSS score ranges from `0..10`, the default value will cause a build to fail if at least one vulnerability with a score > 0 is detected.
  - Set to `11` if you never want the build to fail.

>   - Set to `-1` if you also want the build to fail when only vulnerabilities of score 0 were detected (useful to be alerted of vulnerabilities which haven't been assigned a CVSS score, yet).

Reviewer: A `-1` will fail for _any_ score, so would this be better? 

```suggestion
  - Set to `-1` if you also want the build to fail when any vulnerabilities of score 0 or higher were detected (useful to be alerted of vulnerabilities which haven't yet been assigned a CVSS score, so have a score of 0).
```
